added common mistakes for junit topic (#28)
mate-academy/jv-program-common-mistakes: java-core/junit/lambda-calc.md

### Common mistakes

* Don’t ignore checkstyle rules.
* Figure out which way is better to initialize your Calculator class instance: `@Before` or `@BeforeClass`, what’s the difference?
* Make sure you name your methods according to [convention](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html#s5.2.3-method-names).
* Add tests for each operation with different type of input params (positive values, negative values, zero etc) same goes for other operations.

> * Check if you’ve added all unneeded files to .gitignore before pushing.

Reviewer: а ми можемо для них вже зробити `.gitignore`  файл?

Author: у них там є .gitignore уже, можливо пушили ще додаткові файли, тому раніше був доданий цей пункт. В будь-якому випадку ще раз переглянув завдання - з цим проблем ніби не повинно виникнути, тому поки цей пункт прибрав

* You don’t need main method to see how your solution works, you have tests for this purpose.
* If you use `delta` for comparison - declare it as a constant.

> * If you are expecting exception to be thrown in the test, you can do it this way:`@Test(expected = YourException.class)`.

Reviewer: Глянь відео, я ще показував там `assertThrows(...)`. Цей варіант я наче не показував

### Common mistakes

* Don’t ignore checkstyle rules.

> * Figure out which way is better to initialize your Calculator class instance: `@Before` or `@BeforeClass`, what’s the difference?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Figure out which way is better to initialize your Calculator class instance: `@BeforeEach` or `@BeforeAll`, what’s the difference?
```
Згадав, що в JUnit 5 нові імена аннотацій
